Gloria Borger, Katelyn Polantz, Dana Bash, Sara Murray,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;(CNN) President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, has split with the legal team that has shepherded him through a criminal investigation that included a high-profile FBI raid, a source familiar with the change said Wednesday.  The split could signal a shift in legal strategy and comes amid mounting pressure on Cohen as criminal charges could become likely. Sources familiar with Cohen's plans tell CNN that his main goal right now is to have a legal team with experience in the Southern District of New York, which is handing the probe.  The first source familiar said Cohen had not yet met with prosecutors to speak about a potential deal, and it's unclear whether either side is seeking one.  Cohen has not been charged with a crime, but the FBI raid of his home, hotel room and office in early April revealed that prosecutors had zeroed in on his personal financial dealings, including the payment he made to porn star Stormy Daniels on Trump's behalf before the election.  Cohen has found a new lawyer, but the name of Cohen's new lawyer was not yet known.  Read More;
;2018-06-13 00:00:00;WASHINGTON — The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point on Wednesday and signaled it will raise rates two more times this year, as Fed Chairman Jerome H. Powell proclaimed the United States economy to be in “great shape” and that “most people who want to find jobs are finding them.”  Mr. Powell, speaking at a news conference after the Fed’s two-day meeting, said the economy has strengthened significantly since the financial crisis and is approaching a “normal” level where monetary policy may no longer be needed to either encourage or discourage economic activity. The Fed now projects unemployment to fall to 3.6 percent in 2018 and indicated it will raise interest rates a total of four times this year.  That is a far different stance than just a decade ago, when the Fed cut interest rates to near zero in the wake of the financial crisis as it sought to stimulate an economy that had slipped into a recession.  “The economy is doing very well. Most people who want to find jobs are finding them,” Fed Chairman Jerome H. Powell said on Wednesday at a news conference. “Ongoing job gains are boosting wages and confidence.”;
;2018-06-13 14:50:02-04:00;Just three years after reinventing himself as a pugilistic populist, President Trump Donald John TrumpWhat you need to know about Tuesday's elections Danny Tarkanian wins Nevada GOP congressional primary Laxalt, Sisolak to face off in Nevada governor's race MORE has proven remarkably adept at ridding the Republican Party of far more experienced politicians who offer anything short of complete fealty.  But Trump has proven less effective at refashioning the GOP by electing like-minded candidates. He has struggled, at times, to transfer the fervor of his most ardent supporters to those candidates he publicly endorses.  In the words of one GOP strategist, who asked for anonymity for fear of alienating the White House, Trump is good at breaking things. He's not as good at building them back up.  "Voters on our side have hired him to be a mercenary to battle their enemies. Therefore, he is most effective when he identifies opponents of the cause. That's his skill set," said Brad Todd, a GOP strategist and co-author of "The Great Revolt: Inside the Populist Coalition Reshaping American Politics."  Rep. Mark Sanford Marshall (Mark) Clement SanfordWhat you need to know about Tuesday's elections Sanford defeated in primary defined by support for Trump Sanford: 'I think that I'll end up losing this election' MORE (R-S.C.), who lost his bid for another term on Tuesday, is the latest in a growing list of victims of Trump's political wrath.  Sanford has been critical of Trump's coarse language and his decision not to release his tax returns. As voters headed to the polls Tuesday, Trump tweeted that Sanford was "very unhelpful" and "nothing but trouble."  State Rep. Katie Arrington (R), who cast herself as a Trump loyalist, took almost 51 percent of the vote on Tuesday. Sanford took just 46 percent.  "We are the party of Donald J. Trump," Arrington said in her victory speech Tuesday.  Before his run-in with Trump, Sanford built one of the most conservative records in public life, both in Congress and as governor. He had been planning a run for the White House, before a very public scandal involving an Argentinian paramour — a scandal to which Trump referred in his tweet — ended his marriage and his national hopes.  Yet the scandal could not fell Mark Sanford. Instead, Trump’s tweet did.  Sanford joins other unquestionably ideological conservatives, such as Sens. Jeff Flake Jeffrey (Jeff) Lane FlakeWith caveats, Republicans praise Trump’s summit with Kim Jong Un Flake: If GOP can't stand up for free trade 'what are we here for?' Navarro apologizes for saying there's a 'special place in hell' for Trudeau MORE (R-Ariz.) and Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerWith caveats, Republicans praise Trump’s summit with Kim Jong Un Overnight Defense: Takeaways from Trump-Kim summit | Confusion over pledge to halt war games | Lawmakers want vote on any deal | Effort to kill Trump tariffs blocked On The Money: Judge approves AT&T-Time Warner merger opposed by Trump | Effort to kill Trump tariffs blocked in Senate | Kudlow in hospital after heart attack | Panel advances Fed nominees MORE (R-Tenn.), who have been forced out over disagreements with Trump.  Last week, Rep. Martha Roby Martha Dubina RobySanford defeated in primary defined by support for Trump Sanford at risk in primary shadowed by Trump Kayla Moore, wife of Roy Moore, loses bid for Alabama GOP committee MORE (R-Ala.), who also expressed disgust with Trump's comments on an Access Hollywood video, was forced into a runoff election. In that race, Roby will face former Rep. Bobby Bright (R), the man she beat in 2010. When Bright was in Congress, he was a Democrat. But he has attacked Roby for insufficiently supporting Trump.  So Trump can hound someone out of the GOP. What is less obvious is whether he can convince his supporters to back the candidates he actually likes.  The same day South Carolina voters dismissed Sanford, they sent Gov. Henry McMaster (R) into a runoff with a first-time candidate, John Warren (R).  McMaster is the antithesis of Sanford. Instead of running away from Trump, McMaster was the first statewide elected official to back Trump during the Republican primaries. Trump elevated McMaster to the governorship, when he picked then-Gov. Nikki Haley Nimrata (Nikki) HaleyWhat you need to know about Tuesday's elections South Carolina Gov. McMaster heads to runoff What to watch in Tuesday’s primary elections MORE (R) to serve as the administration's representative to the United Nations. And Trump endorsed McMaster early in his bid for his own full term.  But voters didn't agree, and McMaster now faces a runoff in just two weeks.  Other candidates who have received Trump's blessing have struggled to earn the loyalty of his voters, too.  Trump tweeted on behalf of Alabama Sen. Luther Strange Luther Johnson StrangeWhat you need to know about Tuesday's elections The Memo: Trump stokes culture wars over national anthem Exclusive: Bannon says Rosenstein could be fired 'very shortly' MORE (R), whom he dubbed "Big Luther." Strange lost a runoff to former Alabama Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore Roy Stewart MooreEvangelical group plans nearly million push ahead of midterms Kayla Moore, wife of Roy Moore, loses bid for Alabama GOP committee Grimm condemns Donovan after Trump endorsement: Endorsements can't change facts MORE — who then lost the general election, even with Trump's subsequent backing.  In Florida, Trump has backed Rep. Ron DeSantis Ronald Dion DeSantisHow lawmakers have landed an endorsement from Trump Fla. shooting survivors call for boycott of Publix for donating to NRA-backed governor candidate GOP hopeful walks back remarks that Puerto Ricans escaping Hurricane Maria shouldn't be able to vote in Florida MORE (R) in his run for governor. A new poll released by the Florida Chamber of Commerce shows DeSantis trailing state Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam (R) by a wide margin. In Pennsylvania, state Rep. Rick Saccone (R) lost a deeply conservative district in a special election even after Trump held a rally on Saccone's behalf.  Plenty of Trump-backed candidates have either won or cleared the field. On Tuesday, three Trump-backed contenders, Adam Laxalt, Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerDanny Tarkanian wins Nevada GOP congressional primary Laxalt, Sisolak to face off in Nevada governor's race Democrats seize on DOJ's ObamaCare decision ahead of midterms MORE and Danny Tarkanian, easily advanced in their primary contests in Nevada. So did Rep. Kevin Cramer Kevin John CramerGOP Senate candidate takes shot at top Trump aide Chao names participants selected for drone pilot program The Hill's Morning Report: Trump’s Cabinet mess MORE (R-N.D.), running against Sen. Heidi Heitkamp Mary (Heidi) Kathryn HeitkampOvernight Finance: Senators introduce bill to curb Trump's tariff authority | McConnell calls it 'exercise in futility' | Kudlow warns WTO won't dictate policy | Mulvaney feud with consumer advocates deepens Overnight Defense: Senators offer bill to curb Trump's tariff power | Bill could get vote in defense bill debate | House panel unveils 4.6B Pentagon spending bill | Mattis says tariffs won't hurt NATO ties Senators introduce bill to curb Trump's tariff authority MORE (D).  Republicans involved in this year's primaries say Trump's ability to cause problems for some, and his inability to solve problems for others, is a reflection of the mission conservative voters sent him on.  Arch-conservatives have been asked for years to swallow their disappointment after losing primaries and back the winning establishment-favored contenders. Now, after their side won a primary, they expect the same of the establishment they have fought for so long.  "It was not a romance," one GOP strategist said. "It was a transaction."  Trump's inability to manipulate his core backers on behalf of another candidate means those in charge of protecting Republican majorities have less influence over their own primaries than they have in recent years.  That may be a positive for conservative voters tired of backing candidates they deem insufficiently ideological. But it may exacerbate the party's challenges in this year's midterm elections, if more moderate Republicans who abandoned Trump in key districts decide they can no longer stomach other candidates who follow in his mold.;
Philip Rucker Is The White House Bureau Chief For The Washington Post. He Previously Has Covered Congress, The Obama White House, The, Presidential Campaigns. Rucker Also Is A Political Analyst For Nbc News, Msnbc. He Joined The Post In As A Local News Reporter., Anne Gearan Is A White House Correspondent For The Washington Post, With A Focus On Foreign Policy, National Security. She Covered The Hillary Clinton Campaign, The State Department For The Post Before Joining The White House Beat. She Joined The Paper In,;2018-06-11 00:00:00;President Trump shook his hand for 13 long seconds, patted him on the back and led him down a rich red carpet. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un may be considered the world’s greatest human rights abuser and a totalitarian collector of nuclear weapons, but as they met for the first time here Tuesday, Trump declared himself honored.  “We will have a terrific relationship, I have no doubt,” the U.S. president said with a smile, settling into an armchair opposite the North Korean leader. American and North Korean flags framed the improbable detente between two men who at the start of the year were hurling insults at one another and appeared on the brink of nuclear war.  The extraordinary tableau was a stark contrast to what had transpired three days earlier and half a world away in Canada, where an embittered Trump sat sternly, his arms crossed and his face impassive, as the leaders of America’s oldest Western allies pleaded with him not to rupture the established world order with his retaliatory trade policies.  For Trump, the Group of Seven summit in Quebec was an irritating obligation, but his tête-à-tête with Kim here was a bid for history.  The lush Capella hotel on the resort island of Sentosa may be the most important stage thus far of Trump’s presidency. By personally negotiating terms for North Korea abandoning its nuclear weapons with the rogue country’s reclusive leader — something previous American presidents did not do — Trump put his brand of transactional, mano-a-mano diplomacy to a test.  Distrustful of tradition and determined to reimagine America’s alliances, Trump approached North Korean talks as he had real estate deals when he was a Manhattan developer. He turned a blind eye to differences of principle and history — refusing to directly confront the reality that Kim oversees a vast police state, starves his citizens and assassinates his rivals — in the interest of completing a transaction.  Rather than approach Kim as a pariah, Trump showered him with respect and even flattery, enthused to shake hands with a monstrous figure in part, perhaps, because his monstrosity is his source of power.  By simply jetting here for the summit, Trump effectively threw a coming-out party for Kim and afforded his rogue state the international prestige it has long sought. Crowds of people on the streets of Singapore cheered Kim like a visiting celebrity, and images of his meeting with Trump were broadcast around the world.  Kim, beaming and visibly proud of his audience with the president, told Trump through an interpreter, “Old prejudices and practices worked as obstacles in our way forward, but we overcame all of them and we are here today.”  Trump, who turns 72 on Thursday, greeted Kim, 34, with the same firm handshake and familiar clasp of the arm, as well as the take-charge guiding hand on the back, with which he routinely welcomes foreign counterparts to the Oval Office.  The setting on Sentosa was carefully staged to put both leaders on equal footing, projecting a jarring normalcy to the spectacle of a ruthless and reclusive authoritarian strolling at ease in a tropical resort with the leader of the free world. As they stood together on a portico exchanging pleasantries, an interpreter speaking for Kim was overheard telling Trump that “many people will think of this as a form of fantasy . . . a science fiction movie.”  Trump began the historic day on a sour note, tweeting in grievance before dawn here about “haters & losers” who question his accomplishment in getting this far.  “We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped,” Trump wrote at 6:04 a.m., referring to the return of three Americans held captive in North Korea and other developments seen as goodwill gestures by Kim ahead of the summit. “[T]hese pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!”  The president’s anger reflects his view that the old models of diplomacy have failed. He sees no better example than the more than two decades of fruitless U.S. efforts to engage North Korea and strike a deal that would avert a nuclear crisis, only to see Kim grow his arsenal.  Critics, including some Republicans, have said Trump gave away important leverage by agreeing to meet Kim as an equal, without an explicit agreement about nuclear weapons eradication beforehand. Trump dismisses that as old thinking and an unwillingness to give him credit.  North Korea pressed ahead with nuclear development despite two previous agreements involving U.S. presidents, and on Trump’s watch has appeared to reach the ability of hitting the mainland United States with a nuclear-tipped missile.  With that leverage, Kim was ready to consider a bargain.  In Kim, Trump sees a singular leader — and one with whom he can broker an accord. As Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on the eve of the summit, “In each of those two countries, there are only two people that can make decisions of this magnitude, and those two people are going to be sitting in a room together.”  The bonhomie they projected Tuesday masked the gulf that had existed between the United States and North Korea as diplomats struggled in recent weeks to agree to a definition of denuclearization and settle technical details of how and when it can be achieved and verified.  “Trump is focused on the optics of the summit, not the substance,” said Kelsey Davenport, director of nonproliferation policy at the Arms Control Association.  “The summit is shaping up to be a historic meeting with a mediocre outcome. Trump will try to sell a vague commitment to denuclearization as a success,” Davenport added, but the test will be in what follows from the two-way summitry.  The direct, leader-to-leader approach won an endorsement from Joel Wit, a former senior State Department official who has negotiated with North Korea during the Clinton administration.  “In this case, the top down approach is the right way to go — particularly in dealing with a country like North Korea, where Kim Jong Un’s word is law — as long as the summit sets clear objectives, such as denuclearization, and established talks between the two countries to work out the details,” Wit said.  Trump’s willingness to meet Kim as an equal recalls his “respect” for Russian President Vladi­mir Putin, despite Putin’s suppression of political opposition, jailing of journalists and his government’s alleged poisoning of a former spy on British soil.  “There are a lot of killers. We have a lot of killers,” Trump said in an interview on Fox News last year, before the British attack. “Well, you think our country is so innocent?”  Just five months ago, Trump used his biggest domestic stage, the annual State of the Union address, to denounce Kim’s human rights abuses. Trump invited as his guests the parents of Otto Warmbier, a University of Virginia student who was arrested during a study abroad tour in North Korea, charged with crimes against the state and imprisoned at a labor camp. He was badly injured and died just days after his return to the United States in 2017.  In the speech’s emotional high point, Trump recognized Warmbier’s parents in the gallery of the House chamber and said, “You are wonderful witnesses to a menace that threatens our world, and your strength truly inspires us all.”  In a departure from his warnings last year of “fire and fury” — and from their squabbles over the size of their respective nuclear buttons — Trump has warmed to Kim in recent months, praising him as “honorable” and dangling a possible invitation to visit the United States.  Trump was determined to stage a global spectacle in Singapore, expressing enthusiasm in the run-up to his trip here for what he called the “unknown territory” of his meeting with Kim, even if inking a denuclearization accord takes additional meetings and further negotiations.  By contrast, Trump complained to advisers about having to make the trip to Canada for last week’s G-7 summit — the kind of traditional, polite, consensus-driven gathering that Trump instinctively distrusts.  The president arrived at that meeting late and left early. And although he rated his relationships with the leaders of Canada, France, Germany and other traditional allies represented at the meeting “a 10,” he broke with them in a petulant Twitter tirade aboard Air Force One en route from Quebec to Singapore. He referred to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau by his first name and called him “dishonest” and “weak” because of a dispute over dairy imports.  By contrast, Trump sounded giddy at the prospect of one-on-one dealings with Kim. When they finally met Tuesday in Singapore, Trump afforded him the respect he denied Trudeau.  “Mr. Chairman,” Trump said as he addressed Kim from across a flower-lined wooden table, “it’s a great honor to be with you and I know that we will have tremendous success together.”  John Hudson in Washington contributed to this report.;
Camila Domonoske,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;California? Or Cali-Three-Nia? Proposal To Split State Will Be On Ballot In November  Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images  A proposal to divide California into three separate states will appear on the ballot in November, after an idiosyncratic, years-long quest by a venture capitalist.  The measure, pushed by billionaire Tim Draper, received hundreds of thousands of signatures as required to be placed on the ballot. If it's approved by voters, the proposal would still require a congressional OK — and would very likely face legal challenges on both the state and federal levels, according to experts.  Proposal: How California Might Split Up  The ballot initiative calls for three new states, broken along existing county lines:  Northern California, stretching across the entire width of what is currently California, including Sacramento and the Bay Area;  Southern California, including a small stretch along the coast near San Diego and inland regions spanning the Mojave Desert and most of the San Joaquin Valley;  California, a narrow, densely populated stretch of coastal counties, starting from Los Angeles and stretching north to Monterey.  Draper was an early investor in Skype, Hotmail and Tesla, and he is a major advocate of bitcoin. He has spent years arguing that California should be divided up.  The ballot initiative describes the state of California as so enormous and diverse as to be "nearly ungovernable."  "The citizens of the whole state would be better served by three smaller state governments," the proposal says.  Draper used to advocate for creating six separate states from California — including one just for Silicon Valley and one state that would be entirely inland.  In 2014, Draper told Venture Beat his plan would allow for "more local, better representation."  "If some people feel that their government isn't working for them – and I know a lot of people in very poor regions feel that the status quo is not working for them – this would be an opportunity for them to easily move to another state without leaving the beautiful weather we get here," he said.  That earlier proposal would also have reworked the U.S. electoral map, splitting one solidly blue state into three Democratic states and three swing states, as The Washington Post wrote in 2014.  Draper's Six Californias proposal failed twice — although it seemed to come close in 2014, when Draper collected hundreds of thousands of signatures, only to see the state reject many of them as invalid. Then Draper switched to a three-state vision instead, and this time, his signature drive was successful.  The new ballot measure would create states with roughly equal populations and, compared with the six-state proposal, more comparable income levels. Those changes address many of the concerns that were raised about the fate of less prosperous states in the six-state model.  In the political sphere, the measure would create two reliably blue states and one swing state, analysts say. And by creating more Senate seats, it would also increase the influence of current-day California in Congress.  The Los Angeles Times writes that there is a long history of similar proposals in the large and populous state:  "The history of California, admitted to the Union on Sept. 9, 1850, has been marked by more than 200 attempts to either reconfigure its boundaries, split it into pieces or even have the state secede and become an independent country. The last three-state proposal, crafted by a Butte County legislator, failed in the state Capitol in 1993. "A publicized effort by activists to have California secede from the United States, branded the 'Calexit' proposal, continues to be bandied about for the ballot in 2020."  The measure, like every other initiative eligible for the ballot, comes with a short summary of its estimated fiscal impact. While other ballot proposals have estimated costs — "around $1 million annually," "$1 billion or more per year" — the analysis of this measure is, well, a little different.  "Assuming this measure is approved by voters and the federal government and allowed by the courts," the state writes, "all tax collections and spending by the existing State of California would end.";
Sam Levin,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;Henry Sintay accused of grabbing phone of person filming him during later scuffle in same Oakland park  A jogger caught on camera trashing a homeless man’s belongings in an Oakland park has been arrested and charged with robbery after a separate incident in the same location.  Henry Sintay, who was filmed last Friday dumping a local homeless man’s possessions in the garbage and into a lake, was charged in criminal court on Wednesday. The case was filed after the 30-year-old was captured in another video returning to the park on Saturday and arguing with a group of people before he allegedly grabbed the phone of someone filming him and ran off.  Prosecutors said in court records that Sintay had committed a second-degree felony strong-arm robbery and that he had confessed to the offense. Sintay was taken to jail, and it wasn’t immediately clear Wednesday if he had an attorney.  Sintay’s actions reignited debates about racial profiling and gentrification in Oakland, a liberal California city with a rich black history that is currently suffering through an extreme housing and homelessness crisis. But unlike many of the other recent cases of white Americans harassing people of color or mistreating disenfranchised people, Sintay is now facing law enforcement consequences.  In the original video, Sintay ignored the pleas of other parkgoers telling him not to disturb the homeless man’s belongings. “I’m picking up trash, what do you want me to do? ... It’s disgusting.”  Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kenzie Smith, left, and Greg Markson. Photograph: Sam Levin for the Guardian  In the second video a day later, it was unclear why exactly Sintay had returned. “I cleaned up his shit and then some other shit fell in,” he said when asked about the tossed belongings, later noting: “This guy has taken a permanent residence here.” He also seemed to defend his actions, saying: “I pick up trash all over the place.”  When the person filming introduced himself and reached out to shake his hands, Sintay appeared to grab the phone and run. At one point, the man who was live-streaming appeared to shout: “I’m being attacked here!”  Greg Markson, the man whose belongings were dumped, told the Guardian that he chose not to pursue charges in the initial incident after he discovered his possessions were trashed. He said he was ready to move on from the incident.  “I’m not going to harp over items that were thrown in the water,” he said in an interview on Tuesday afternoon, seated in the spot at Lake Merritt where Sintay had rifled through his things days earlier. Referencing the clothes and other items people had since donated to him, he added: “People got things replaced … There are only so many ways I can say thank you for that.”  Markson, who also goes by the name Drew or Jru, has long spent time at this section of the popular Bay Area park, near the site of another recent video that sparked national outrage. In May, a white woman was filmed alerting 911 about two black men barbecuing, earning her the nickname “BBQ Becky” and adding to the long list of stories of white people calling law enforcement on African Americans doing everyday activities.  Markson said he was confused to find his belongings trashed and didn’t understand why the man would have thrown clothes in the water.  “There are other ways to handle issues,” he said, adding that he appreciated the outpouring of support. “Oakland is home … I feel loved.”  Kenzie Smith, one of the men who was barbecuing when police were called to Lake Merritt, said he was assisting Markson and hoped to get him long-term help: “We want to transition him from staying here to having his own home.”;
;2018-06-13 00:00:00;Their thoughts raced. Who will rescue it? Will it fall?  It showed up around 3 p.m. and started pacing on a thin window ledge outside Ms. Donnelly-Coyne’s office. “He just seemed sweet and cute and very mellow,” she said in an interview on Wednesday.  Breaking out a window or sending down window cleaners would have been too risky, Ms. Donnelly-Coyne said, so officials baited live traps with cat food and placed them on the roof. They hoped the smell would lure the animal up another two floors.  Ms. Donnelly-Coyne stayed in the office until 9 p.m., taking breaks from her work to check on the raccoon. When she left, she said, the animal was curled up sleeping. “All they could do was put enough stinky food up there to encourage him to go up the last two floors,” she said. “We were all kind of worried he might be too tired to do so but thankfully the little guy kept going.”  The raccoon awoke around 10:30 p.m. and apparently had a change of heart. It started to descend, down to the 18th floor and then the 17th, before stopping on another ledge.  A photographer at Minnesota Public Radio zoomed in and saw the raccoon peering over the ledge. Maybe it saw the cheering crowd below. Maybe it thought the descent was too far. Either way, around 2 a.m. on Wednesday, it began another climb.  It surpassed the 18th floor and then 19th and kept going and going. Around 2:45 a.m., according to Mr. Nelson, it scaled the top and hopped onto the roof. It also found the cat food inside the trap.;
Juliet Eilperin Is The Washington Post'S Senior National Affairs Correspondent, Covering How The New Administration Is Transforming A Range Of U.S. Policies, The Federal Government Itself. She Is The Author Of Two Books, One On Sharks, Another On Congress, Not To Be Confused With Each Other, Has Worked For The Post Since, Josh Dawsey Is A White House Reporter For The Washington Post. He Joined The Paper In He Previously Covered The White House For Politico, New York City Hall, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie For The Wall Street Journal.,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt last year had a top aide help contact Republican donors who might offer his wife a job, eventually securing her a position at a conservative political group that has backed him for years, according to multiple individuals familiar with the matter.  The job hunt included Pruitt’s approaching wealthy party supporters and conservative figures with ties to the Trump administration. The individuals said he enlisted Samantha Dravis, then serving as associate administrator for the EPA’s Office of Policy, to line up work for his wife.  And when one donor, Doug Deason, said he could not hire Marlyn Pruitt because of a conflict of interest, Pruitt continued to solicit his help in trying to find other possibilities.  A spokesman for the Judicial Crisis Network confirmed Tuesday that it employed the onetime school nurse “temporarily as an independent contractor,” but it did not disclose via email how long she worked there or what she was paid. The spokesman said the position came about after the group received her résumé from Leonard Leo, executive vice president of the Federalist Society. The two organizations have financial ties.  Leo is a prominent Pruitt backer and longtime friend who was involved in arrangements for the administrator’s visit to Italy last year. Taxpayers spent more than $100,000 on the trip, which included private tours of the Vatican and meals at some of Rome’s finest restaurants.  Marlyn Pruitt left the JCN earlier this year, the spokesman said, adding that the group was pleased with her work. But the search and hiring raises more ethics questions about Scott Pruitt’s use of EPA staff as well as his contacts with GOP contributors and outside allies for his personal benefit. Federal ethics rules prohibit public officials from using their posts for private gain or receiving free services or other gifts from their subordinates.    Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito swears in Scott Pruitt as Environmental Protection Agency administrator in February 2017, as Marlyn Pruitt, his wife, and son, Cade, look on. (Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press)  Virginia Canter, executive branch ethics counsel for the public watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, said in an interview that Pruitt’s having a full-time EPA employee “become the headhunter for his spouse” was “highly inappropriate” since the outcome of the search “would affect his financial interests.”  “It’s above and beyond anything I’m aware of, with respect to any government employee,” she said, with the fact that Leo accompanied Pruitt on the trip to Italy making the situation even more problematic.  Asked about the matter Tuesday, EPA spokesman Jahan Wilcox said in a statement, “I would refer you to outside counsel.”  Pruitt’s outside counsel, Cleta Mitchell — a political-law attorney at Foley & Lardner LLP, who also helped establish Pruitt’s legal defense fund — did not respond to requests for comment Tuesday. Marlyn Pruitt also did not respond to a request for comment.  The administrator already faces a dozen federal inquiries into his spending and management decisions at the agency, including his first-class travels, a $50-a-night condo rental from a lobbyist and the installation of a $43,000 soundproof phone booth in his office. At no point did he consult with EPA ethics officials about his months-long efforts to get his wife a job, current and former agency officials said.  In several instances over the past 15 months, according to the individuals familiar with those overtures, Pruitt approached corporate executives and prominent Republicans whom he had met either while serving as Oklahoma attorney general or after joining President Trump’s Cabinet.  In 2017, for example, he approached Deason on whether the Dallas-based investor would be able to hire Marlyn Pruitt. A biography for Deason, who is president of his family’s business, Deason Capital Services, notes that the firm has “a substantial holding in oil and gas operating company Foreland Resources, LLC.”  Deason told officials — including Dravis and Mitchell — that he could not hire Pruitt because his company has financial dealings in areas regulated by the agency. He agreed to brainstorm other possibilities for her, he said Tuesday, consulting with both women about potential jobs. Deason said Dravis eventually deferred his questions to Mitchell.  “I couldn’t find anything that made sense, that wasn’t some kind of conflict,” he said. “I’d get a list of names, and say, ‘Here are some people, here’s what they do,’ and it didn’t take long before it was pretty obvious that I was not going to be able to help.”  Dravis, who has left the EPA and declined to comment, complained to friends at the time that she felt uncomfortable tapping Pruitt’s extensive political network and her own to find a new source of income for his family. “He pressured her,” one friend recalled, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations.  Marlyn Pruitt worked as a school nurse in the early 1990s before focusing on raising the couple’s two children, according to Oklahoma state records and interviews with several current and former Trump administration officials.  She and her husband have a residence in Tulsa and one in Washington, and he told EPA aides last spring that he needed more money to maintain both. Current and former employees, who spoke on the condition of anonymity out of fear of retaliation, said the administrator embarked on a concerted campaign to line up employment opportunities for her.  In May 2017, The Washington Post reported last week, he instructed one of his schedulers to contact executives at the restaurant chain Chick-fil-A about a franchise for Marlyn. That same month, he introduced her to the chief executive of the New York City-based nonprofit Concordia, which later paid her $2,000 for work on a conference that Pruitt addressed in his official EPA capacity.  The EPA declined to comment for that Post report.  The Judicial Crisis Network, which historically has pushed for the appointment of conservative judges, has given millions of dollars in recent years to groups associated with Pruitt, according to IRS filings. Starting in 2013, when he was chairman of the Republican Attorneys General Association, the JCN gave the organization $2,445,000 over three years. It donated $885,000 in the same period to the Rule of Law Defense Fund, an offshoot group Pruitt launched that describes itself as a “public policy organization for issues relevant to the nation’s Republican attorneys general.”  In 2016, records show, one of Pruitt’s Oklahoma-based PACs, Liberty 2.0, received $25,000 from the JCN. The attorneys general organization got $1.3 million that year.  Asked about its financial support of Pruitt and organizations that he led, the JCN’s spokesman said it was “among the most active defenders of the rule of law and limited constitutional government. . . . Pruitt was among the AGs who shared those principles and beliefs.”  The group took in $25.6 million in donations in the fiscal year that ended June 2017, its most recent tax filing indicates. It reported having no employees or volunteers but paid millions to outside contractors for polling, consulting, advertising and public relations. It is not required to disclose contributors.  Its spokesman said Marlyn Pruitt’s work was related to setting up new offices. “She has great organizational skills, and she was retained by JCN at a time when the organization needed those skills,” he said.  Pruitt also has been a reliable booster for the Federalist Society in recent years, interacting with it during his time as Oklahoma attorney general and speaking at events from Washington, D.C., to California.  As EPA administrator, Pruitt has continued to be a presence at Federalist gatherings, speaking on occasion and meeting with top officials, his public schedule shows.  During his second month on the job, he talked to a Federalist gathering at Tony Cheng’s Restaurant in the District’s Chinatown. Last September, he addressed a New York chapter of the Federalist Society. In February, he flew to Florida as the keynote speaker for a Federalist gathering at a Disney yacht club.  But while Leo proved helpful in connecting Marlyn Pruitt with the Judicial Crisis Network — it has an office in the same building as the Federalist Society on I Street NW in the District — not all of Scott Pruitt’s efforts to line up work for his wife succeeded.  Deason’s assistance ultimately fell short. The investor remained in touch with the administrator, however. According to emails recently released under the Freedom of Information Act, Deason emailed Pruitt and his chief of staff, Ryan Jackson, on multiple issues last year. In October, he secured Pruitt for the keynote address at a D.C. gathering of the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a conservative think tank on whose board Deason sits.  Deason said he continues to back Pruitt and his deregulatory agenda. “The president is supporting him, and I’m 100 percent convinced he is going to continue to support him,” Deason said.  In his federal financial disclosure form last year, Pruitt wrote “none” in an entry for spouse’s income. He requested an extension on this year’s disclosure form, which was due in May.  Pressed last week about his wife’s pursuit of work since he joined the Trump administration, Pruitt told a reporter, “Look, my wife is an entrepreneur herself.”  Marlyn Pruitt, 52, had little earnings in the years before she and her husband moved to Washington. As Oklahoma attorney general, Pruitt certified on ethics forms that she had no income above $5,000 in 2014 and 2015 — the threshold for disclosure.  State forms from earlier years do not specifically ask about a spouse’s income. But other records show her previous employment and salary.  From 1991 to 1995, payroll records show, Marlyn Pruitt worked as a public school nurse in Jenks, a suburb of Tulsa, earning between $18,300 and $23,911 annually. A résumé she submitted to the school district shows she was certified in neonatal advanced life support and was a registered nurse in Oklahoma and Kentucky. It also identified her as a preschool Sunday school teacher.  Her nursing licenses expired in 1996, records show, just as Scott Pruitt was building a small legal practice in Tulsa focused on defending Christians in religious liberty cases.  Marlyn Pruitt kept a low profile in Oklahoma as her husband’s political career took off. She appears to have launched a company of her own last June.  MP Strategies, LLC was incorporated in Oklahoma, though public records provide a few clues that the Pruitts are tied to the firm. (Scott Pruitt has declined to discuss the company.) The person named on incorporation documents is a lawyer at a Tulsa firm co-owned by Kenneth Wagner, a law school friend whom Pruitt brought into the EPA.  Yet the firm lists its business address as the Pruitts’ home in Tulsa. And documents on file with the state show the company email address contains Marlyn Pruitt’s name. Concordia CEO Matthew Swift confirmed in an email Monday that his group paid her for last year’s logistics work through MP Strategies.  Alice Crites contributed to this report.  Read more:  Scott Pruitt enlisted an EPA aide to help his wife find a job — with Chick-fil-A  Tallying Pruitt’s problematic spending  Amid ethics scrutiny, EPA’s Pruitt also finds his regulatory rollbacks hitting bumps;
Saskya Vandoorne, Lauren Said-Moorhouse,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;(CNN) A rescue ship stranded in the Mediterranean Sea since Sunday is on its way to Spain , where the government has agreed to accept the 630 people on board.  A source close to the Spanish government told CNN that the migrants on board the Aquarius would be given a 15-day permit to stay, during which they would be able to start the process of seeking asylum.  Left to drift for two days in the waters between the Italian and Maltese coasts, the Aquarius search-and-rescue vessel has become the latest symbol of the migration crisis in the Mediterranean.  It all started with a single tweet of just 16 characters and escalated into a diplomatic hot potato that has pitted Europe's countries against one another.  How did we get here?  The Aquarius rescued 630 people while on patrol off the coast of Libya over the weekend, the ship's operators SOS Méditerranée and Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said. With more than 120 unaccompanied minors and six pregnant women on board, the ship was then directed to travel north in search of a safe harbor by the Italian Maritime Rescue Coordination Center (IMRCC).  A picture taken on June 9 shows the Aquarius during an operation to rescue migrants.  The vessel's journey came to an abrupt halt when the Italian Coast Guard told Aquarius to hold its position, the aid groups said.  Matteo Salvini, Italy's new hardline interior minister and leader of the anti-immigration League party, refused to allow it to dock, tweeting the hashtag #chiudiamoiporti ("Close the doors").  He also suggested preventing a second foreign-flagged search-and-rescue vessel, Sea-Watch 3, operated by a group of German volunteers and currently positioned off the coast of Libya, from docking. On Tuesday morning, the ship recovered 41 survivors and 12 bodies from a shipwreck off the Libyan Coast.  Matteo Salvini -- now Italy's Interior Minister -- walks on stage during a campaign rally in May.  But Italy has been accused of operating a "double standard" on the issue after an Italian Coast Guard boat carrying 937 rescued migrants was allowed to dock in Catania, Sicily on Wednesday.  "It is unacceptable that people who have literally been picked out of the water, who have seen their friends drowning, still do not get a place of safety," Johannes Bayer, the Sea-Watch chairman, said in a statement Wednesday.  "This is a damning indictment of the European Union's policy on immigration. A dispute about the distribution of asylum seekers must not be carried out at the expense of people in maritime distress," Bayer added.  What is happening now?  Italy dispatched two ships to assist the overcrowded Aquarius on Tuesday afternoon as it began its four-day voyage to Spain after the country's newly assembled government stepped up and offered to take in the survivors.  An Italian Coast Guard vessel approaches the Aquarius on Tuesday.  Around 250 people were transferred to the Italian Navy's Orione and a further 274 to the Coast Guard vessel Dattilo, SOS Méditerranée said. The Aquarius now has just 106 survivors on board, according to MSF.  All three ships are en route to Valencia, Spain -- a roughly 800-mile journey that is likely to encounter bad weather, according to Jana Ciernioch, spokeswoman from SOS Méditerranée.  #LIVE from #Aquarius: so close yet so far. We have stopped engines again. Waiting for resupply. In the distance we can see Italian shores. pic.twitter.com/86otpYe4EL — Anelise Borges (@AnneliseBorges) June 13, 2018  William Lacy Swing, the director general of the United Nations Migration Agency (IOM), tweeted that while he was glad that Spain had stepped forward to defuse the crisis, "I fear a major tragedy if states start refusing to accept rescued migrants as was threatened."  France criticized the Italy for rejecting the Aquarius on Tuesday, Reuters reported  French government spokesman Benjamin Griveaux quoted President Emmanuel Macron as saying there was "a degree of cynicism and irresponsibility in the Italian government's behavior," the news agency reported. The French remarks drew an angry response from Rome.  This undated photo released on Tuesday by SOS Méditerranée shows stranded migrants from the Aquarius being transfered to an Italian Coast Guard boat before embarking on a journey to Spain.  The source close to the Spanish government told CNN that, during the process of claiming asylum, they would get the same rights in Spain as Spanish nationals, until their application is processed. That could take up to two years, the source said.  Why did Italy refuse to help?  The Mediterranean remains the world's deadliest migration route and Italy has handled what it considers to be its fair share of migrants trying to reach Europe by boat. The new populist government, refused to grant the survivors entry, demanding that other European nations help deal with the issue.  During Italy's recent election, Salvini had seized on anti-immigration sentiment in the country and pledged to deport 500,000 migrants.  JUST WATCHED In Italy's election, migration is a key issue Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH In Italy's election, migration is a key issue 03:31  While his rhetoric has softened slightly since he took office, he declared that Italy "cannot be Europe's refugee camp" during a recent visit to Sicily.  But data from the International Organization for Migration (IOM) shows Italy has actually seen a decline of around 77% in sea arrivals in the past year. That drop appears to be a result of a 2017 deal between Italy and Libya in which the southern European country pledged to bolster Libya's coast guard so it could spot departing migrant boats and house migrants attempting the crossing.  Instead, the number of migrants now landing on Spanish shores has escalated. So far, in 2018, that figure has grown drastically from the same period last year. In the first week of June, 561 migrants arrived in Spain by sea routes.;
Michael Williams,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;The Orlando police officer who was shot in the head and critically injured during a standoff Sunday remains in a coma with a “long road to recovery,” his doctor said during a press conference Wednesday.  Sobbing uncontrollably, Officer Kevin Valencia’s wife described him as a great father and husband. They’re each other’s first loves, she said, having dated since they were both 12 years old.  “He has to come back,” Meghan Valencia said.  Kevin Valencia, 27, was shot Sunday night while responding to a domestic-violence call at an apartment complex in west Orlando. His shooting was the catalyst for a 21-hour standoff that ended when Gary Wayne Lindsey Jr. killed four young children — ages 1 to 11 — before turning the gun on himself.  Orlando Police Department Orlando police officer Kevin Valencia was critically wounded while responding to a domestic disturbance that ended when suspect Gary Wayne Lindsey Jr. killed 4 children, then himself. Orlando police officer Kevin Valencia was critically wounded while responding to a domestic disturbance that ended when suspect Gary Wayne Lindsey Jr. killed 4 children, then himself. (Orlando Police Department)  Chief John Mina said Lindsey shot Valencia, the children and himself with a handgun stolen from his father — the only gun in his possession that night. Mina had previously said that Lindsey was also armed with two rifles and two shotguns.  The medical examiner determined that the bullets used to kill the children all came from Lindsey’s gun — ruling out the possibility that any of the children were shot by officers returning fire during the initial gun battle, Mina said.  Even in the midst of her own family’s trauma, Meghan Valencia said she was still thinking about the family of the children who were killed.  “It is more than what anybody can bear,” she said. “I know every officer wanted to get those children out. Each and every one of them feels the weight of the world because they couldn’t.”  The Valencias have two young children.  “He’s the most amazing father ever,” his wife said. “He didn’t mind changing the diapers.”  Although Valencia is showing some signs of improvement, “he faces a long recovery,’’ trauma surgeon Chadwick Smith said.  Along with the emotional stress, his family also faces financial hardship, said Shawn Dunlap, the president of the Orlando chapter of the Fraternal Order of Police. You can contribute to his GoFundMe at this link.  Mina defended the decision to wait more than 20 hours before storming the apartment, saying the officers didn’t want to make entry for fear of endangering the children.  Valencia and other officers responded to the Westbrook Apartments around 11:45 p.m. Sunday after the kids’ mother, Ciara Lopez, reported Lindsey had battered her. As a felon on probation, Lindsey was prohibited by law from possessing guns.  In a statement, the Florida Department of Corrections said the agency’s last visit to Lindsey’s home was March 27, and there were “no visible firearms discovered.”  “We are extremely heartbroken by the outcome of yesterday’s incident involving this criminal,” state Corrections Secretary Julie Jones said in a statement. “Our deepest condolences go out to everyone affected by this tragedy, and the Department stands ready to assist local law enforcement in any way we can moving forward.”  Mina said he didn’t understand why Lindsey — who had repeatedly violated his probation — was still on the streets.  “It was a shame this person was not behind bars,” he said.  Staff writers Stephen Ruiz and Maria Vizcaino contributed.  Michael Williams can be reached at miwilliams@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5022 or @michaeldamianw.;
Byron Tau, Byron.Tau Wsj.Com,;None;WASHINGTON—Former Senate staffer James A. Wolfe pleaded not guilty on Wednesday on charges of lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in a case that has drawn attention to a renewed government push in pursuit of media leaks.  In a brief appearance before a federal magistrate judge in Washington, D.C., Mr. Wolfe entered a plea and then was released with some restrictions on travel, firearm ownership and handling of classified information.  ...;
Tariq Panja,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;The 2026 tournament will be one of firsts. It will be the first time the World Cup is hosted by three countries, the first time it has a 48-team format, up from 32 teams, and it was the first time the vote was decided by FIFA’s entire membership. Of the tournament’s 80 matches, 10 will be in Canada, 10 in Mexico and 60 in the United States — including the final, at MetLife Stadium in the New York City suburb of East Rutherford, N.J.  The last time the men’s World Cup was held in North America was when the United States hosted in 1994. It was held in Mexico in 1970 and 1986. Canada has never hosted. It was unclear Wednesday if all three nations would be granted automatic bids into the field, as is customary for the host nation; FIFA said there had been no final decision on the matter.  North American bid leaders have been on the road since April, visiting voting nations around the globe. Several top officials and bid staff members even relocated to London for most of May, finding it a better base camp from which to visit federations in Europe, Asia, the Middle East and southern Africa. At one point two weeks ago, Cordeiro and his staff traveled to Bangkok for a single meeting, returning the next day.  The lobbying — bid leaders estimated they had met 150 of FIFA’s 211 federation presidents face to face — paid off. The North Americans rode to victory on a wave of support from the Americas, Europe and Asia, plus a few votes poached from Africa, whose regional soccer president, Ahmed Ahmed, issued a bombastic plea to his members on Tuesday, urging them to vote for Morocco as a symbol of African unity.  “From a few days ago, we always had a clear path to victory,” Cordeiro said. Still, even he could not have believed some of the support that ended up coming the way of the North Americans, notably a vote from Russia.  After the months of meetings and arm-twisting, the hundreds of airline flights and the weeks in ever-changing hotels, a campaign that began last August when Morocco jumped into the race (on the final day countries could do so), ended in an instant: with a 15-second note and a brief announcement by the FIFA president, Gianni Infantino, that the three federations had prevailed.  And just a few hours after Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, welcomed the world to celebrate the 2018 World Cup, the North American soccer leaders took to the same stage to tell the world to celebrate with them in 2026.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The victory spared U.S. Soccer a second stunning defeat in less than a year; the United States men’s team is missing the World Cup this summer, its first absence since 1986. The American federation spent more than $6 million — out of a combined budget of about $8 million — to bring the World Cup back to North America, the culmination of an idea set in motion in a Vancouver restaurant seven years ago, according to Victor Montagliani, the head of Concacaf, the regional governing body.  As delegates surged to congratulate the winners, Montagliani took a deep breath to consider the journey that secured soccer’s biggest prize. He said he had conceived the plan while he was Canada’s soccer head, and managed to persuade Sunil Gulati, then the U.S. soccer president, to join in a potential joint offer after Canada staged a successful women’s World Cup in 2015. Gulati, who was replaced by Cordeiro in February after declining to run for re-election, first secured the support of the chairman of the influential Mexican television channel Televisa and finally the Mexican soccer federation.  “I was so nervous sitting up there because you don’t have control over anything,” said Montagliani, who was seated on a raised dais with FIFA’s senior membership as the decision was announced. “It’s like your little baby — but it was a great team effort by everyone involved. There’s nothing quite like the World Cup.”  The North Americans had offered FIFA’s member associations a ready-made World Cup; the 23 stadiums they offered as potential hosts are built, as is most of the infrastructure the expanded 48-team tournament will need: training sites, hotels, airports, rail lines.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  And, like Morocco, the North Americans also had the full support of their governments. The nations’ so-called United Bid was a rare topic on which the presidents of the three countries found common cause, and the United States government, including President Trump, had mounted a stealthy shadow campaign to try to win over FIFA and its member federations.  The North American bid’s signature selling point, however, was delivered in a language FIFA members long have understood: revenue. The North Americans promised FIFA an $11 billion profit — a staggering sum that could mean as much as $50 million for each national association.  Morocco, which pledged a profit less than half as large as its rivals, criticized the focus on money over soccer until the bitter end.  “The United Bid is proposing an offer that is mainly a business proposal for football,” one Moroccan official, Moncef Belkhayat, said on Monday. “Their offer is based on dollars, on profit, while Morocco is offering an offer that is based on passion for football, for development of football — not only in Morocco, but also in Africa.”  After the defeat, African officials gathered around their president, Ahmed, as he scanned the list of countries that did not vote for Morocco.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  “We are hurting: You look at the countries from your continent that didn’t vote and you have blood Arab countries that supported a different nation, that’s where it hurts more,” said Daniel Amokachi, a Nigerian former soccer player.  Yet there were serious concerns about Morocco’s candidacy from the beginning, notably how the North African nation could cope with the massive undertaking of hosting the first 48-team World Cup. It would have needed to spend billions of dollars to build nine stadiums and to significantly renovate five others, and do it all in eight years — four fewer than the 12 FIFA gave to Qatar, which still has not finished the job of getting ready for the 2022 World Cup.  Then there were the hotels, the highways, the rail links and the facilities to host a tournament set to bring more than 1,100 players and millions of fans to North Africa; all would have needed to be built, at a cost of billions more.  Morocco, which has now lost five efforts to stage the tournament, vowed to press ahead and build the projects it presented to voters. “We managed this bid with a sporting spirit and we will continue our path in the same vein,” said Moulay Hafid Elalamy, its millionaire bid chairman.  The end result was far more emphatic than it may have appeared in the last-gasp votes that played into the early hours of Wednesday morning. At one point, both bid teams arrived at the hotel housing Asian delegates shortly before 1 a.m., as rumors began to spread that the Moroccans might have gained some ground. They were sparked by an announcement by the Netherlands soccer federation that it would back Morocco, contrary to what officials had told the Americans as recently as last week.  The victory will also be celebrated privately by FIFA’s leadership, which had given indications it preferred the surety and likely billions delivered by taking the tournament back to North America. A technical report, which FIFA’s president, Gianni Infantino, repeatedly told voters to read, scored the winning bid far higher than Morocco’s offer, which FIFA inspectors said had several risk factors. Infantino’s No. 2, Fatma Samoura, issued the same reminder just before voting got underway.  Infantino, who announced his plans to stand for a second term at an election next year, has been on a drive to raise the funds he needs to make good on promises to drastically increase the amount of funding he can deliver to national soccer federations, the only voting constituency in the presidential election.  Cordeiro said the Americans also spoke to members about how a World Cup hosted by the North Americans would lead to a cash windfall for everyone. In Scandinavia last month, he said each federation could get as much as an extra $50 million should the 2026 World Cup meet its $11 billion profit target. “Let that sink in,” he told them.  By Wednesday, it was clear the message had been heard loud and clear.;
;2018-06-13 00:00:00;WASHINGTON — The Trump administration signaled on Wednesday that it will try to block any effort by Congress to interfere with its plan to throw a lifeline to ZTE, the Chinese technology company that the United States government has penalized for violating sanctions.  The Department of Commerce brokered a settlement with ZTE this month after Chinese President Xi Jinping asked President Trump to issue a softer penalty that would not put the company out of business. Republicans and Democrats in Congress have been working on legislation that would undermine that agreement and impose a stiffer punishment on ZTE.  The White House said on Wednesday that the current agreement “will ensure ZTE pays for its violations and gives our government complete oversight of their future activity without undue harm to American suppliers and their workers.”  Lawmakers have been working to attach legislation on ZTE to an upcoming National Defense Authorization Act measure that is expected to pass in the Senate. Hogan Gidley, a White House spokesman, suggested that such a move would undermine the authority of the executive branch.;
Rebecca Bratek,;None;Two tourists fell to their deaths while apparently trying to take a selfie from a cliff overlooking a popular beach in Portugal, according to multiple news reports.  An Australian man and his British partner are believed to have died early Tuesday local time in the popular surfing town of Ericeira, according to Australia's PerthNow. Local media in Portugal reported the deadly incident happened on the Praia dos Pescadores, or Fisherman's Beach, after the pair went beyond a protection wall to take a selfie.  Their bodies were discovered on the beach by fishermen around 6 a.m., according to Portuguese newspaper Correio da Manhã. The fishermen originally believed the couple was sleeping on the beach and described a scene of "horror" when they got closer, according to local newspaper Jornal de Notícias.  Rui Pereira da Terra, the head of the rescue service in Cascais port, near Lisbon, told Correio da Manhã that authorities believe they were trying to take a selfie, dropped their phone and fell over the cliff while trying to recover it.  Authorities recovered the bodies, and the deaths were confirmed by health ocbsfficials.  Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade told the Associated Press that consular authorities were assisting the family of the Australian victim and coordinating with British authorities about the second person.;
Chris Mooney Covers Climate Change, Energy, The Environment. He Has Reported The Paris Climate Negotiations, The Northwest Passage, The Greenland Ice Sheet, Among Other Locations, Has Written Four Books About Science, Politics, Climate Change.,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;  Crevasses near the grounding line of Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. (Ian Joughin/University of Washington)  Antarctica’s ice sheet is melting at a rapidly increasing rate, now pouring more than 200 billion tons of ice into the ocean annually and raising sea levels a half-millimeter every year, a team of 80 scientists reported Wednesday.  The melt rate has tripled in the past decade, the study concluded. If the acceleration continues, some of scientists’ worst fears about rising oceans could be realized, leaving low-lying cities and communities with less time to prepare than they had hoped.  The result also reinforces that nations have a short window — perhaps no more than a decade — to cut greenhouse-gas emissions if they hope to avert some of the worst consequences of climate change.  Antarctica, the planet’s largest ice sheet, lost 219 billion tons of ice annually from 2012 through 2017 — approximately triple the 73 billion-ton melt rate of a decade ago, the scientists concluded. From 1992 through 1997, Antarctica lost 49 billion tons of ice annually.  The study is the product of a large group of Antarctic experts who collectively reviewed 24 recent measurements of Antarctic ice loss, reconciling their differences to produce the most definitive figures yet on changes in Antarctica. Their results — known formally as the “Ice Sheet Mass Balance Inter-Comparison Exercise” (IMBIE) — were published Wednesday in the journal Nature.  “We took all the estimates across all the different techniques, and we got this consensus,” said Isabella Velicogna, an Antarctic expert at the University of California at Irvine and one of the many authors from institutions in 14 countries. The lead author was Andrew Shepherd of the University of Leeds in England.  “The detailed record shows an acceleration, starting around 2002,” Beata Csatho, one of the study authors and a glaciologist at the University at Buffalo, said in an email.  Csatho noted that comparing the first and last five-year periods in the record reveals an even steeper acceleration. “Actually, if you compare 1997-2002 to 2012-2017, the increase is even larger, a factor of more than 5!!” she wrote.  For the total period from 1992 through the present, the ice sheet has lost nearly 3 trillion tons of ice, equating to just less than 8 millimeters of sea-level rise. Forty percent of that loss has occurred in the past five years.  The rapid, recent changes are almost entirely driven by the West Antarctic ice sheet, which scientists have long viewed as an Achilles’ heel. It is known to be losing ice rapidly because it is being melted from below by warm ocean waters, a process that is rendering its largest glaciers unstable.  West Antarctica lost 159 billion tons of ice a year from 2012 through 2017, compared with 65 billion tons from 2002 through 2007.    Sea-level contribution attributed to the Antarctic ice sheet between 1992 and 2017. (IMBIE/Planetary Visions)  The growth is largely attributable to just two huge glaciers: Pine Island and Thwaites. The latter is increasingly being viewed as posing a potential planetary emergency because of its enormous size and its role as a gateway that could allow the ocean to someday access the entirety of West Antarctica, turning the marine-based ice sheet into a new sea.  Pine Island is now losing about 45 billion tons per year, and Thwaites is losing 50 billion. Both numbers are higher than the annual losses for any other glacier in the world.  “The increasing mass loss that they’re finding is really worrying, particularly looking at the West Antarctic, the area that’s changing most rapidly,” said Christine Dow, a glaciologist at the University of Waterloo in Ontario who was not involved in the research. “And it’s the area that we’re most worried about, because it’s below sea level.”  “If you start removing mass from there, you can have a very large-scale evacuation of ice into the ocean and significant sea-level rise,” Dow said.  Dow is the lead author of a just-published study outlining one process that could be driving, and could worsen, some of Antarctica’s ice losses.  She and her co-authors found that at numerous major glaciers including Pine Island, warm ocean waters are helping to carve out deep crevasses underneath the floating ice shelves that brace these glaciers in place. The shelves then tend to crack at these thinned-out points and break off large pieces, weakening their ability to hold back the flow of glacial ice into the ocean.  “Anywhere you have thinner ice, it’s going to be weaker,” Dow said.  In addition to West Antarctica, another increase in ice losses in the past decade came from the smaller glaciers of the Antarctic Peninsula, which are also melting rapidly but contain less potential to raise the sea level.  The largest part of the continent, East Antarctica, has remained more stable and did not contribute much melt to the ocean during the period of study, the assessment says. However, in the past five years, it too has begun to lose ice, perhaps as much as 28 billion tons per year, although the uncertainty surrounding this number remains high.  What’s happening in East Antarctica is important because it has, by far, the most ice to give, being capable of raising sea levels by well over 100 feet. A single East Antarctic glacier, Totten, has the potential to unleash as much total sea-level rise as the entire West Antarctic ice sheet, or more.  “We cannot count on East Antarctica to be the quiet player, and we start to observe change there in some sectors that have potential, and they’re vulnerable,” Velicogna said.    The late summer sun sets over mountains and icebergs around Adelaide Island on the Antarctic Peninsula. (Hamish Pritchard/British Anarctic Survey)  Scientists have previously raised fears about a scenario in which ice loss from Antarctica takes on an explosive rate.  In a controversial 2016 study, former NASA scientist James Hansen and a team of colleagues, including Velicogna, found that Earth’s sea level could rise above one meter (or 3.3 feet) within 50 years if polar ice-sheet loss doubles every 10 years. A tripling every decade, were it to continue, would reach that volume of sea level rise even sooner.  There is no proof the current rate of change in Antarctica will continue. Scientists can’t see the future, but they do fear continuing and even worsening losses.  “I don’t know if it’s going to keep exactly tripling, but I think it has a lot of potential to keep significantly increasing,” Velicogna said.  The changes will not be steady, in any case, said Knut Christianson, an Antarctic researcher at the University of Washington. “We will not necessarily see solely rapid retreat,” Christianson in an email, noting that as glaciers such as Pine Island retreat down a submarine, downhill slope, they will sometimes encounter bumps that slow their movement. So we should expect “periods of stability interspersed with rapid retreat,” he said.  Under high greenhouse-gas emissions, the worst-case projections of sea-level rise eventually reach over a centimeter each year, said Rob DeConto, an Antarctic expert at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst who was not involved in the new study.  We’re nowhere near that point yet.  “We’re still talking about roughly a half a millimeter per year,” DeConto said. “That isn’t going to sound horribly unmanageable. But remember for the Northern Hemisphere, for North America, the fact that the location in West Antarctica is where the action is amplifies that rate of sea-level rise by up to about an additional 25 percent in a city like Boston or New York.”  That’s because as Antarctica’s mass shrinks, the ice sheet’s gravitational pull on the ocean relaxes somewhat, and the seas travel back across the globe to pile up far away — with U.S. coasts being one prime destination.  Whether Antarctic mass loss keeps worsening depends on choices made today, argued DeConto, who co-authored a separate paper in this week’s Nature outlining two visions of Antarctica in 2070.  Continuing high emissions could deliver massive sea-level rise — but strong compliance with the Paris climate agreement, while unable to stop changes happening now, could help to control how much they worsen.  “The kinds of changes that we see today, if they were not to increase much more . . . then maybe we’re talking about something that is manageable for coastal stakeholders,” DeConto said.  Or alternatively, he continued, Antarctica could drive faster changes, ones that “begin to exceed what we’re going to be able to cope with.”  Read more at Energy & Environment:  A key Antarctic glacier just lost a huge piece of ice — the latest sign of its worrying retreat  Unprecedented U.S.-British project launches to study the world’s most dangerous glacier  The alarming science driving much higher sea level projections for this century  For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.;
Jun,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;When Nintendo unveiled Smash Bros. Ultimate at E3 on June 12th, the Japanese developer promised a bevy of smaller tweaks to the platform brawler. According to Smash Bros. director Masahiro Sakurai, some fighters are more expressive now, while others feature new voice acting and sound effects. What wasn’t announced: the anatomical proportions of some characters have mysteriously changed, too.  Smash Bros. Ultimate sees the return of Solid Snake, the protagonist of Hideo Kojima’s stealth series, Metal Gear Solid. Last seen in the Wii’s Smash Bros. Brawl, Snake was known for being a powerful character in a flattering suit. Though the suit is meant to help Snake move around silently, it is also known for enhancing Snake’s physical features.  “One of Solid Snake’s signatures is his skin-tight body suit, which hugs every curve,” Polygon news editor and known MGS fanatic Allegra Frank told The Verge. “That includes his butt — a super-tight, very nice butt, and one that gets a lot of screen time [in Metal Gear Solid].”  So it’s no wonder that fans immediately noticed that Snake’s derrière looks different in Smash Bros. Ultimate. It’s flatter now. In reaction, players on social media are cracking jokes and playfully begging Nintendo to fix Snake’s “nerfed” butt.  they already nerfed snake    smh pic.twitter.com/khKUpEM8Np — Iron Pineapple (@IronPineapple_) June 13, 2018  Dear Snake Players,    I'm sorry but not all of Snake has returned. He's no longer dual wielding those cheeks. Ain't got a shotgun with two barrels. This definitely ain't Naked Snake. Went from Solid to Sad. Ass went on stealth mission, good luck finding it. pic.twitter.com/V1WeM5VKIM — DOG | Corgian (@DoghouseCorgian) June 12, 2018  Snake’s butt got nerfed because it was just that damn powerful    LOOK AT IT, NINTENDO. IT WAS THE ONLY THING KEEPING THE STRAPS ON HIS SUIT TOGETHER. AS MUCH AS I LOVE TO SEE THE CLOTHES FALL OFF AS A RESULT I CANNOT LIVE THIS LIFE WITHOUT THIS MAN’S POWERFUL BUTT. pic.twitter.com/rot6IHWFs7 — Helen McCree Scientia (@GaaraofMYdesert) June 13, 2018  as there are more characters in the new Super Smash Bros than ever before, and we can only have so much butt in one game for processing reasons, we had to redistribute Snake's butt flesh among the returning challengers — Salmon Is For Desire (@LennonheadNew) June 13, 2018  @DavidBHayter This is kind of a stretch, but... Can you ask Sakurai to fix Snake's butt? While your voice is the main selling point of the character, his butt in that suit is as well. — Chaz (@NotAlice23) June 13, 2018  Every so often in online video game fandoms, players will notice that a Japanese game localized for America will tone down sexual elements or change a character’s appearance. Outrage tends to follow. Usually, the characters are women. It’s rare to see people talk about and dissect attractive men’s bodies in gaming, likely because most characters aren’t designed with the female gaze in mind. Snake is one of the rare characters within the space who can be considered a male gaming sex icon.  Snake isn’t the only one who’s been quietly changed in Smash Bros. Ultimate. Metroid star Zero Suit Samus has also had a breast reduction for the Switch release. Her bosom used to jut out of her tight suit in older games, but it’s no longer as conspicuously gravity-defying. Fans are remarking on this tweak, too. But in a twist, they largely aren’t complaining about it; many people actually seem happy with the change.  As a lot of people may have noticed, ZSS' breast size has been reduced quite a bit and has more muscle definition than the Smash 4 version. She and her suit seems to resemble her Samus Return looks a bit and frankly, looks way better IMHO pic.twitter.com/B9yByBG1jK — MyJoJob (@MyJoJob) June 12, 2018  Sma5h community over Samus' reduced chest size vs Snake's less pronounced butt pic.twitter.com/iAZsBOSdXb — Kimo Force™ | Rank SSS Hype! (@KimoForce) June 13, 2018  Gonna be completely honestly, I really like what they did to Samus' breasts, they actually like anatomically correct now and not like fake water balloons popping out of her chest. pic.twitter.com/8zn81bHVt9 — Aquaclaw - LetsGoSmash@E3 (@Aquaclaww) June 13, 2018  Why do people care about Snake’s butt more than Samus’ breasts? It all has to do with the source material. Hideo Kojima intentionally designs his male characters to be attractive and sometimes even flaunts their bodies in front of the player. Meanwhile, Samus is often associated with her orange-red Power Suit, a bulky piece of armor that helps her survive in strange lands. We don’t typically see what’s underneath Samus’ armor in the main Metroid games, but Snake’s body is always front and center in Metal Gear Solid.  “Although Snake is definitely meant to be an attractive action hero, it’s his butt that really does the work for him,” Frank continued. “It’s not just good to look at, but it also almost feels like we’re expected to look; no other part of his body is so pronounced in that suit, especially when he’s crawling across the floor. And so when Snake’s butt changes size, of course we’re going to notice.”;
;2018-06-13 00:00:00;ADDS IDENITY OF WOMAN AT RIGHT AS HEIDI FLEISS - In this Tuesday, June 12, 2018 photo Nevada brothel owner Dennis Hof, second from right celebrates after winning the primary election in Pahrump, Nev. Hof, the owner of half a dozen legal brothels in Nevada and star of the HBO adult reality series “Cathouse,” won a Republican primary for the state Legislature on Tuesday, ousting a three-term lawmaker. At right is former madam and reality TV personality Heidi Fleiss. (David Montero /Los Angeles Times via AP) (Associated Press)  LAS VEGAS — Pimp Dennis Hof, owner of half a dozen legal brothels in Nevada and star of the HBO adult reality series “Cathouse,” won a Republican primary for the state Legislature on Tuesday, ousting a three-term lawmaker.  Hof defeated hospital executive James Oscarson. He’ll face Democrat Lesia Romanov in November, and will be the favored candidate in the Republican-leaning Assembly district.  Hof celebrated his win at a party in Pahrump, Nevada, with “Hollywood Madam” Heidi Fleiss at his side.  “It’s all because Donald Trump was the Christopher Columbus for me,” Hof told The Associated Press in a phone call. “He found the way and I jumped on it.”  Hof, who wrote a book titled “The Art of the Pimp,” has dubbed himself “The Trump of Pahrump,” and held a rally with longtime Trump adviser Roger Stone. Hof was in the limelight in 2015, when former NBA player Lamar Odom was found unconscious at Hof’s Love Ranch brothel in Crystal, Nevada, after a four-day, $75,000 stay.  If Hof wins in November, he wouldn’t be the only brothel owner in elected office — Lance Gilman, the owner of the famous Mustang Ranch in northern Nevada, is a Storey County Commissioner.  Voters in November will decide on closing down brothels in at least one of the seven Nevada counties where they legally operate. The question will be on the ballot in Lyon County, where Hof owns four brothels. Activists are also gathering signatures to try to get a measure on the ballot in Nye County, where Hof owns two more brothels in the desert outside the city of Pahrump.  He painted the anti-brothel efforts as political retribution that’s tied to his opponent, but Oscarson and the referendum backers deny any connection.  Most brothels operate in rural areas of Nevada. They’re banned in the counties that contain Las Vegas and Reno.  Hof said Tuesday he’s downsizing his business by selling off some brothels to focus more on politics.  Oscarson and Hof previously faced off in 2016 when Hof ran for the seat as a Libertarian. Oscarson won with 60 percent of the vote.  ___  Sign up for “Politics in Focus,” a weekly newsletter showcasing the AP’s best political reporting from around the country leading up to the midterm elections: http://apne.ws/3Gzcraw  Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.;
Julie Zauzmer Is A Religion Reporter. She Previously Covered Local News At The Washington Post, At The Philadelphia Inquirer.,;2018-06-13 00:00:00;  Attendees pray Tuesday at the annual meeting of the Southern Baptist Convention in Dallas. (Vernon Bryant/Dallas Morning News/AP)  DALLAS — The debate about the treatment of women that has roiled the Southern Baptist Convention came to a head on Wednesday at the denomination’s annual meeting.  There, the meeting of more than 9,000 delegates debated whether a seminary’s board acted properly in firing the seminary after a former student of his alleged that he did not report her rape to police.    It was a dramatic conclusion to two months of bitter division over accusations against revered Baptist leader Paige Patterson, and two days of a meeting that focused in large part on gender.  The other focal point of the meeting on Wednesday of the nation’s largest Protestant denomination was an address by Vice President Pence to the meeting — a hybrid campaign speech and sermon, boasting about the Trump administration’s actions on North Korea negotiations, tax cuts and more.  “Today on behalf of the president, I want to say thank you. Thank you to the Southern Baptist Convention for the essential and irreplaceable role you play in America,” said Pence, who is an evangelical Christian and generally popular in this conservative evangelical denomination. “I’ll make you a promise: This president, this vice president and our administration will always stand with you.”  Many attendees felt that Pence’s speech was overly political. J.D. Greear, the newly elected president of the denomination, reacted immediately after the address. “I know that sent a terribly mixed signal,” he wrote on Twitter. “We are grateful for civic leaders who want to speak to our Convention — but make no mistake about it, our identity is in the gospel and our unity is in the Great Commission. Commissioned missionaries, not political platforms, are what we do.”  But within hours, the focus switched from Pence to Patterson. Patterson became the target of intense criticism earlier this spring due to years of sermons he has delivered, in which he commented on a teenage girl’s figure and women’s physical appearances and advised an abused woman to stay with her husband.  The board of trustees at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Ft. Worth, TX initially decided, in a marathon meeting that ran into the wee hours of the morning, to demote Patterson to president emeritus, but allow him to keep his salary and to retire in a house on campus.  Then the accusation that Patterson didn’t report an alleged 2003 rape when he was president of Southeastern Theological Baptist Seminary in Wake Forest NC came to light. That was when the executive committee — not the full board of trustees — fired Patterson outright.  Arkansas pastor Thomas Hatley made a motion at the meeting this week to fire the entire executive committee that fired Patterson. Wayne Dickard, one of the trustees not on the executive committee, argued in favor of Hatley’s motion on Wednesday, saying the committee broke its promise to give Patterson a salary and housing. “We gave a man our word. I believe our word should mean something, or else we are shallow in integrity,” he said, arguing for the dismissal of the entire 12-member committee.  Some delegates shared that disappointment over Patterson’s treatment, including Bill Cannon, an Alabama pastor whose daughter is a student at Southwestern. He said Patterson and his wife have seemed welcoming to female students. “We left our baby girl 700 miles away and never worried,” he said. As for the trustees, he said, “I think they were overwhelmed by a Twitter storm.”  But others, including past president of the denomination Ronnie Floyd and interim president of the seminary D. Jeffrey Bingham, stood at the microphone delivering strong defenses of the trustees’ trustworthiness. And one of the executive committee members himself rose to speak, revealing numerous details about Patterson’s interactions with the board.  Bart Barber, the committee member, said that when the board placed a trustee in charge of a financial review last fall, Patterson tried to remove that trustee from office. Then when thousands of women signed a letter denouncing Patterson’s sermons as sexist, Patterson released a defiant statement above the objections of the board, and refused to meet with the board.  Patterson could not be reached for comment prior to publication.  In the end, a significant majority of delegates voted against removing the executive committee.  Along the way, one woman who described herself as a pastor’s widow from Shreveport, La., made an emotional comment voicing something many here have expressed — discomfort with the national reckoning on the treatment of women that has made its way into the Southern Baptist Convention. “I think we’ve gotten swept into the hashtag #MeToo. And I am not a ‘me too.’ And I talked to several of the church ladies before I came,” she said. “None of them said that they felt they were less-than or abused or assaulted. I believe that is a very small minority…. I don’t think it’s our Southern Baptist culture. I’m not scared to walk down the hallways of my church, that I’m going to be accosted or looked down on.”  Aside from gender, the other contentious motions during the two-day meeting mostly dealt with Pence’s talk. Several delegates made motions that Pence’s time slot should be filled instead with prayer or that all politicians should be barred from addressing the annual meeting, but those motions were denied or delayed Tuesday.  While many applauded while Pence spoke — particularly when he spoke about abortion and Israel — others sat with hands folded. Key leaders in the denomination complained afterward that he had focused too much on partisan politics.  Brian Kaylor, a Baptist pastor who is not a member of the Southern Baptist Convention and who researches the intersection of politics and religion, said Pence’s heavy focus on praising President Trump was a surprising deviation from previous Republican leaders who have addressed the convention over the years. “It was so over-the-top partisan,” he said.  He said previous Republican presidents and vice presidents addressed political issues and praised their administrations’ successes. “But it’s framed differently,” he said. “. . . This was all about Trump. Trump is the singular strong leader. Trump is the one doing this or that. I was surprised how strong he came down on the tone.”  Many attendees agreed:  So @VP's very political speech, focused on praising Trump and "America First," is not going over well with some at #SBCAM18. pic.twitter.com/INmr3LTR6x — Kedron Bardwell (@KedronBardwell) June 13, 2018  During the speech, when Pence opened with greetings from Trump, the room erupted in applause and one loud shout of, “Four more years!” Pence hit on other topics of interest to the religious audience — the Trump administration’s desire to repeal the Johnson Amendment, which bans tax-exempt churches from campaigning for candidates, and the fight against the Islamic State — and also subjects with less obvious religious aspects. He touted Trump’s tax law and the low unemployment rate, and he began the speech talking at length about the recent meeting between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  “While strong American leadership has accomplished much,” Pence concluded in that segment, “[Trump] and I both know that the righteous and fervent prayers … can accomplish much more. So let’s all pray. Let’s pray for peace for the Korean people and the world.”  Toward the end of his address, Pence sermonized more, dwelling on the mass shooting last year at a Southern Baptist church in nearby Sutherland Springs, Tex. The faith of the survivors inspired him, Pence said.  He called the Southern Baptist Convention “one of the greatest forces for good anywhere in America.”  The conclusion was J.R. DeBusk’s favorite part. “It was a real mix of politics and religion,” the delegate from Arkansas complained afterward. “But I thought it ended on a high note.”  Cannon, the Alabama pastor, was pleased with Pence’s talk and thought the vice president shouldn’t have been expected to say anything different. “He’s not a preacher. He’s the vice president,” Cannon said. He recalls previous speeches by presidents that he says were similar. “Politicians are going to sing their praises of their accomplishments. Preachers are going to sing about Jesus.”  Ross McLendon and Sean Wegener, friends who attended the same church in Texas together before McLendon moved to Providence, R.I., and Wegener moved to rural Georgia, reunited at the convention. As they caught up during the lunch break, they realized they had different opinions about Pence.  McLendon skipped the speech. “I think it’s not good basically to have a stump speech. When we center a church around politics and political influence, we’re not centering a church around the gospel,” he said. “There’s a lot of division around the administration that he represents. A lot of that division is related to issues such as race, ethnicity, and also gender treatment.”  That’s why he didn’t attend. “It’s in some sense unkind to our brothers and sisters who feel marginalized by that administration to provide that platform here,” McLendon said.  His friend disagreed. Wegener fears that America might someday turn its back on religious freedom, and when the administration supports Christians’ religious rights and opposes abortion, Baptists should extend an invitation. “I believe it is good to be hospitable to a government that is hospitable to us,” he said.;
;2018-06-13 09:22:08+00:00;An off-duty FBI agent who investigators say accidentally fired a weapon that fell while he was dancing at a Denver bar, wounding another patron in the leg, was charged Tuesday with second-degree assault.Chase Bishop, 29, turned himself in to the Denver Sheriff's Department earlier in the day and is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday.Police have said Bishop was dancing at the downtown bar on June 2 when the gun fell from his waistband holster onto the floor. The firearm went off when he picked it up, and another customer suffered a serious but non-life-threatening gunshot wound to the lower leg.The victim was treated and released from a hospital.Additional charges could be filed based on the results of a blood-alcohol content test, which has not yet been received, authorities said."We are filing this charge now rather than waiting until the BAC report is received, which we understand could take another week, because sufficient evidence has been presented to file it," Denver District Attorney Beth McCann said.The FBI declined comment Tuesday "in order to preserve the integrity of the ongoing investigation," spokeswoman Amy Sanders said."The FBI will continue to fully cooperate with the Denver Police Department and the Denver District Attorney's Office as this matter proceeds through the judicial process," she said.Booking documents do not indicate if Bishop has hired an attorney.;
;2018-06-13 15:44:58+00:00;A coalition of Arab States, led by Saudi Arabia, attacked Yemen’s main port city, Hodeidah, Wednesday in an attempt to cripple Houthi rebels. The Houthis, supported by Iran, hold the city. The attack on Hodeidah, the largest battle yet in the Yemen war, involved warplanes, warships, and ground troops. Most Yemeni people eat food that passes through Hodeidah, and 8.4 million Yemenis are close to famine.;
